set texture -x 0 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 1 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 2 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 3 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 4 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 5 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 6 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 7 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 8 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 9 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 100 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 101 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 102 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 103 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 104 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 105 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 106 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 107 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 108 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 109 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 190 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 191 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 192 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 193 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 194 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 195 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 196 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 197 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 198 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 0 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 1 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 2 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 3 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 4 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 5 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 6 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 7 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 8 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 9 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 10 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 11 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 12 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 13 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 14 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 15 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 16 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 17 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 18 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 19 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 20 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 21 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 22 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 23 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 24 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 25 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 26 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 27 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 28 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 29 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 30 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 31 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 32 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 33 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 34 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 35 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 36 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 37 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 38 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 39 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 40 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 41 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 42 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 43 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 44 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 45 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 46 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 47 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 48 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 49 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 50 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 51 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 52 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 53 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 54 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 55 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 56 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 57 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 58 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 59 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 60 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 61 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 62 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 63 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 64 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 65 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 66 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 67 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 68 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 69 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 70 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 71 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 72 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 73 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 74 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 75 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 76 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 77 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 78 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 79 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 80 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 81 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 82 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 83 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 84 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 85 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 86 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 87 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 88 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 89 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 90 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 91 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 92 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 93 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 94 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 95 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 96 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 97 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 98 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 99 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 100 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 101 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 102 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 103 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 104 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 105 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 106 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 107 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 108 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 109 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 110 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 111 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 112 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 113 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 114 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 115 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 116 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 117 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 118 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 119 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 120 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 121 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 122 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 123 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 124 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 125 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 126 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 127 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 128 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 129 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 130 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 131 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 132 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 133 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 134 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 135 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 136 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 137 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 138 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 139 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 140 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 141 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 142 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 143 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 144 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 145 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 146 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 147 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 148 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 149 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 150 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 151 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 152 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 153 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 154 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 155 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 156 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 157 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 158 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 159 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 160 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 161 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 162 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 163 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 164 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 165 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 166 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 167 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 168 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 169 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 170 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 171 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 172 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 173 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 174 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 175 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 176 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 177 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 178 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 179 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 180 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 181 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 182 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 183 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 184 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 185 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 186 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 187 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 188 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 189 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 190 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 191 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 192 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 193 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 194 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 195 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 196 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 197 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 198 -t meadow
set texture -x 199 -y 199 -t meadow
set texture -x 0 -y 0 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 0 -y 1 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 0 -y 2 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 0 -y 3 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 0 -y 4 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 1 -y 0 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 1 -y 1 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 1 -y 2 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 1 -y 3 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 1 -y 4 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 2 -y 0 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 2 -y 1 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 2 -y 2 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 2 -y 3 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 2 -y 4 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 3 -y 0 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 3 -y 1 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 3 -y 2 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 3 -y 3 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 3 -y 4 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 4 -y 0 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 4 -y 1 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 4 -y 2 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 4 -y 3 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 4 -y 4 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 0 -y 100 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 0 -y 101 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 0 -y 102 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 0 -y 103 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 0 -y 104 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 1 -y 100 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 1 -y 101 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 1 -y 102 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 1 -y 103 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 1 -y 104 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 2 -y 100 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 2 -y 101 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 2 -y 102 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 2 -y 103 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 2 -y 104 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 3 -y 100 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 3 -y 101 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 3 -y 102 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 3 -y 103 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 3 -y 104 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 4 -y 100 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 4 -y 101 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 4 -y 102 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 4 -y 103 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 4 -y 104 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 0 -y 190 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 0 -y 191 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 0 -y 192 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 0 -y 193 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 0 -y 194 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 1 -y 190 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 1 -y 191 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 1 -y 192 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 1 -y 193 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 1 -y 194 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 2 -y 190 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 2 -y 191 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 2 -y 192 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 2 -y 193 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 2 -y 194 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 3 -y 190 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 3 -y 191 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 3 -y 192 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 3 -y 193 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 3 -y 194 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 4 -y 190 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 4 -y 191 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 4 -y 192 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 4 -y 193 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 4 -y 194 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 0 -y 5 -t ironMine
set texture -x 0 -y 6 -t ironMine
set texture -x 0 -y 7 -t ironMine
set texture -x 0 -y 8 -t ironMine
set texture -x 0 -y 9 -t ironMine
set texture -x 1 -y 5 -t ironMine
set texture -x 1 -y 6 -t ironMine
set texture -x 1 -y 7 -t ironMine
set texture -x 1 -y 8 -t ironMine
set texture -x 1 -y 9 -t ironMine
set texture -x 2 -y 5 -t ironMine
set texture -x 2 -y 6 -t ironMine
set texture -x 2 -y 7 -t ironMine
set texture -x 2 -y 8 -t ironMine
set texture -x 2 -y 9 -t ironMine
set texture -x 3 -y 5 -t ironMine
set texture -x 3 -y 6 -t ironMine
set texture -x 3 -y 7 -t ironMine
set texture -x 3 -y 8 -t ironMine
set texture -x 3 -y 9 -t ironMine
set texture -x 4 -y 5 -t ironMine
set texture -x 4 -y 6 -t ironMine
set texture -x 4 -y 7 -t ironMine
set texture -x 4 -y 8 -t ironMine
set texture -x 4 -y 9 -t ironMine
set texture -x 0 -y 105 -t ironMine
set texture -x 0 -y 106 -t ironMine
set texture -x 0 -y 107 -t ironMine
set texture -x 0 -y 108 -t ironMine
set texture -x 0 -y 109 -t ironMine
set texture -x 1 -y 105 -t ironMine
set texture -x 1 -y 106 -t ironMine
set texture -x 1 -y 107 -t ironMine
set texture -x 1 -y 108 -t ironMine
set texture -x 1 -y 109 -t ironMine
set texture -x 2 -y 105 -t ironMine
set texture -x 2 -y 106 -t ironMine
set texture -x 2 -y 107 -t ironMine
set texture -x 2 -y 108 -t ironMine
set texture -x 2 -y 109 -t ironMine
set texture -x 3 -y 105 -t ironMine
set texture -x 3 -y 106 -t ironMine
set texture -x 3 -y 107 -t ironMine
set texture -x 3 -y 108 -t ironMine
set texture -x 3 -y 109 -t ironMine
set texture -x 4 -y 105 -t ironMine
set texture -x 4 -y 106 -t ironMine
set texture -x 4 -y 107 -t ironMine
set texture -x 4 -y 108 -t ironMine
set texture -x 4 -y 109 -t ironMine
set texture -x 0 -y 195 -t ironMine
set texture -x 0 -y 196 -t ironMine
set texture -x 0 -y 197 -t ironMine
set texture -x 0 -y 198 -t ironMine
set texture -x 0 -y 199 -t ironMine
set texture -x 1 -y 195 -t ironMine
set texture -x 1 -y 196 -t ironMine
set texture -x 1 -y 197 -t ironMine
set texture -x 1 -y 198 -t ironMine
set texture -x 1 -y 199 -t ironMine
set texture -x 2 -y 195 -t ironMine
set texture -x 2 -y 196 -t ironMine
set texture -x 2 -y 197 -t ironMine
set texture -x 2 -y 198 -t ironMine
set texture -x 2 -y 199 -t ironMine
set texture -x 3 -y 195 -t ironMine
set texture -x 3 -y 196 -t ironMine
set texture -x 3 -y 197 -t ironMine
set texture -x 3 -y 198 -t ironMine
set texture -x 3 -y 199 -t ironMine
set texture -x 4 -y 195 -t ironMine
set texture -x 4 -y 196 -t ironMine
set texture -x 4 -y 197 -t ironMine
set texture -x 4 -y 198 -t ironMine
set texture -x 4 -y 199 -t ironMine
set texture -x 100 -y 0 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 100 -y 1 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 100 -y 2 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 100 -y 3 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 100 -y 4 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 101 -y 0 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 101 -y 1 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 101 -y 2 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 101 -y 3 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 101 -y 4 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 102 -y 0 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 102 -y 1 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 102 -y 2 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 102 -y 3 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 102 -y 4 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 103 -y 0 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 103 -y 1 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 103 -y 2 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 103 -y 3 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 103 -y 4 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 104 -y 0 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 104 -y 1 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 104 -y 2 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 104 -y 3 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 104 -y 4 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 100 -y 5 -t ironMine
set texture -x 100 -y 6 -t ironMine
set texture -x 100 -y 7 -t ironMine
set texture -x 100 -y 8 -t ironMine
set texture -x 100 -y 9 -t ironMine
set texture -x 101 -y 5 -t ironMine
set texture -x 101 -y 6 -t ironMine
set texture -x 101 -y 7 -t ironMine
set texture -x 101 -y 8 -t ironMine
set texture -x 101 -y 9 -t ironMine
set texture -x 102 -y 5 -t ironMine
set texture -x 102 -y 6 -t ironMine
set texture -x 102 -y 7 -t ironMine
set texture -x 102 -y 8 -t ironMine
set texture -x 102 -y 9 -t ironMine
set texture -x 103 -y 5 -t ironMine
set texture -x 103 -y 6 -t ironMine
set texture -x 103 -y 7 -t ironMine
set texture -x 103 -y 8 -t ironMine
set texture -x 103 -y 9 -t ironMine
set texture -x 104 -y 5 -t ironMine
set texture -x 104 -y 6 -t ironMine
set texture -x 104 -y 7 -t ironMine
set texture -x 104 -y 8 -t ironMine
set texture -x 104 -y 9 -t ironMine
set texture -x 100 -y 190 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 100 -y 191 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 100 -y 192 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 100 -y 193 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 100 -y 194 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 101 -y 190 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 101 -y 191 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 101 -y 192 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 101 -y 193 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 101 -y 194 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 102 -y 190 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 102 -y 191 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 102 -y 192 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 102 -y 193 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 102 -y 194 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 103 -y 190 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 103 -y 191 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 103 -y 192 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 103 -y 193 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 103 -y 194 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 104 -y 190 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 104 -y 191 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 104 -y 192 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 104 -y 193 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 104 -y 194 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 100 -y 195 -t ironMine
set texture -x 100 -y 196 -t ironMine
set texture -x 100 -y 197 -t ironMine
set texture -x 100 -y 198 -t ironMine
set texture -x 100 -y 199 -t ironMine
set texture -x 101 -y 195 -t ironMine
set texture -x 101 -y 196 -t ironMine
set texture -x 101 -y 197 -t ironMine
set texture -x 101 -y 198 -t ironMine
set texture -x 101 -y 199 -t ironMine
set texture -x 102 -y 195 -t ironMine
set texture -x 102 -y 196 -t ironMine
set texture -x 102 -y 197 -t ironMine
set texture -x 102 -y 198 -t ironMine
set texture -x 102 -y 199 -t ironMine
set texture -x 103 -y 195 -t ironMine
set texture -x 103 -y 196 -t ironMine
set texture -x 103 -y 197 -t ironMine
set texture -x 103 -y 198 -t ironMine
set texture -x 103 -y 199 -t ironMine
set texture -x 104 -y 195 -t ironMine
set texture -x 104 -y 196 -t ironMine
set texture -x 104 -y 197 -t ironMine
set texture -x 104 -y 198 -t ironMine
set texture -x 104 -y 199 -t ironMine
set texture -x 195 -y 0 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 195 -y 1 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 195 -y 2 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 195 -y 3 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 195 -y 4 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 196 -y 0 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 196 -y 1 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 196 -y 2 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 196 -y 3 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 196 -y 4 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 197 -y 0 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 197 -y 1 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 197 -y 2 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 197 -y 3 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 197 -y 4 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 198 -y 0 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 198 -y 1 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 198 -y 2 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 198 -y 3 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 198 -y 4 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 199 -y 0 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 199 -y 1 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 199 -y 2 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 199 -y 3 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 199 -y 4 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 195 -y 100 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 195 -y 101 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 195 -y 102 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 195 -y 103 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 195 -y 104 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 196 -y 100 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 196 -y 101 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 196 -y 102 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 196 -y 103 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 196 -y 104 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 197 -y 100 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 197 -y 101 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 197 -y 102 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 197 -y 103 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 197 -y 104 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 198 -y 100 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 198 -y 101 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 198 -y 102 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 198 -y 103 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 198 -y 104 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 199 -y 100 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 199 -y 101 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 199 -y 102 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 199 -y 103 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 199 -y 104 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 195 -y 190 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 195 -y 191 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 195 -y 192 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 195 -y 193 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 195 -y 194 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 196 -y 190 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 196 -y 191 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 196 -y 192 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 196 -y 193 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 196 -y 194 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 197 -y 190 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 197 -y 191 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 197 -y 192 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 197 -y 193 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 197 -y 194 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 198 -y 190 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 198 -y 191 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 198 -y 192 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 198 -y 193 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 198 -y 194 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 199 -y 190 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 199 -y 191 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 199 -y 192 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 199 -y 193 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 199 -y 194 -t stoneMine
set texture -x 195 -y 5 -t ironMine
set texture -x 195 -y 6 -t ironMine
set texture -x 195 -y 7 -t ironMine
set texture -x 195 -y 8 -t ironMine
set texture -x 195 -y 9 -t ironMine
set texture -x 196 -y 5 -t ironMine
set texture -x 196 -y 6 -t ironMine
set texture -x 196 -y 7 -t ironMine
set texture -x 196 -y 8 -t ironMine
set texture -x 196 -y 9 -t ironMine
set texture -x 197 -y 5 -t ironMine
set texture -x 197 -y 6 -t ironMine
set texture -x 197 -y 7 -t ironMine
set texture -x 197 -y 8 -t ironMine
set texture -x 197 -y 9 -t ironMine
set texture -x 198 -y 5 -t ironMine
set texture -x 198 -y 6 -t ironMine
set texture -x 198 -y 7 -t ironMine
set texture -x 198 -y 8 -t ironMine
set texture -x 198 -y 9 -t ironMine
set texture -x 199 -y 5 -t ironMine
set texture -x 199 -y 6 -t ironMine
set texture -x 199 -y 7 -t ironMine
set texture -x 199 -y 8 -t ironMine
set texture -x 199 -y 9 -t ironMine
set texture -x 195 -y 105 -t ironMine
set texture -x 195 -y 106 -t ironMine
set texture -x 195 -y 107 -t ironMine
set texture -x 195 -y 108 -t ironMine
set texture -x 195 -y 109 -t ironMine
set texture -x 196 -y 105 -t ironMine
set texture -x 196 -y 106 -t ironMine
set texture -x 196 -y 107 -t ironMine
set texture -x 196 -y 108 -t ironMine
set texture -x 196 -y 109 -t ironMine
set texture -x 197 -y 105 -t ironMine
set texture -x 197 -y 106 -t ironMine
set texture -x 197 -y 107 -t ironMine
set texture -x 197 -y 108 -t ironMine
set texture -x 197 -y 109 -t ironMine
set texture -x 198 -y 105 -t ironMine
set texture -x 198 -y 106 -t ironMine
set texture -x 198 -y 107 -t ironMine
set texture -x 198 -y 108 -t ironMine
set texture -x 198 -y 109 -t ironMine
set texture -x 199 -y 105 -t ironMine
set texture -x 199 -y 106 -t ironMine
set texture -x 199 -y 107 -t ironMine
set texture -x 199 -y 108 -t ironMine
set texture -x 199 -y 109 -t ironMine
set texture -x 195 -y 195 -t ironMine
set texture -x 195 -y 196 -t ironMine
set texture -x 195 -y 197 -t ironMine
set texture -x 195 -y 198 -t ironMine
set texture -x 195 -y 199 -t ironMine
set texture -x 196 -y 195 -t ironMine
set texture -x 196 -y 196 -t ironMine
set texture -x 196 -y 197 -t ironMine
set texture -x 196 -y 198 -t ironMine
set texture -x 196 -y 199 -t ironMine
set texture -x 197 -y 195 -t ironMine
set texture -x 197 -y 196 -t ironMine
set texture -x 197 -y 197 -t ironMine
set texture -x 197 -y 198 -t ironMine
set texture -x 197 -y 199 -t ironMine
set texture -x 198 -y 195 -t ironMine
set texture -x 198 -y 196 -t ironMine
set texture -x 198 -y 197 -t ironMine
set texture -x 198 -y 198 -t ironMine
set texture -x 198 -y 199 -t ironMine
set texture -x 199 -y 195 -t ironMine
set texture -x 199 -y 196 -t ironMine
set texture -x 199 -y 197 -t ironMine
set texture -x 199 -y 198 -t ironMine
set texture -x 199 -y 199 -t ironMine